client:536 WebSocket connection to 'wss://5a0a7ce3-7181-4e3c-bcc3-73cbeff34b58-00-348bhgn4lerzz.janeway.replit.dev/?token=nTKtfvaqwKVH' failed: 
setupWebSocket @ client:536
(anonymous) @ client:531
client:536 Uncaught (in promise) SyntaxError: Failed to construct 'WebSocket': The URL 'wss://localhost:undefined/?token=nTKtfvaqwKVH' is invalid.
    at setupWebSocket (client:536:19)
    at fallback (client:509:16)
    at WebSocket.<anonymous> (client:555:7)
setupWebSocket @ client:536
fallback @ client:509
(anonymous) @ client:555
chunk-WERSD76P.js?v=c64965cc:21551 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://reactjs.org/link/react-devtools
crawler-view.tsx:48 🔍 Crawler Query Debug: {crawlerId: '5'}
useTacticalPositioning.ts:35 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Missing data, skipping positioning
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:67 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: No player found, creating new one
useTacticalPositioning.ts:86 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Placing player = CENTER (no entry direction)
combat-system.ts:609 ✅ Created new player entity at position (50, 50)
useTacticalPositioning.ts:96 🎯 useTacticalPositioning: Placed player at center (no direction to clear)
useTacticalPositioning.ts:101 🎯 Player positioned at (50, 50)
tactical-view-panel.tsx:184 🏠 Room changed from null to 53048: Old Armory
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:153 ⌨️ Window blur - stopping movement
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
tactical-view-panel.tsx:85 movementDirection = WEST
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = west
useTacticalPositioning.ts:54 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioning existing player for west entry
useTacticalPositioning.ts:62 🎯 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioned player for west entry, clearing stored direction
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:100 ⌨️ Clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:93 ⌨️ Counter-clockwise rotation
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
tactical-view-panel.tsx:85 movementDirection = SOUTH
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = south
useTacticalPositioning.ts:54 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioning existing player for south entry
useTacticalPositioning.ts:62 🎯 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioned player for south entry, clearing stored direction
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
tactical-view-panel.tsx:85 movementDirection = EAST
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = east
useTacticalPositioning.ts:54 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioning existing player for east entry
useTacticalPositioning.ts:62 🎯 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioned player for east entry, clearing stored direction
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
tactical-view-panel.tsx:85 movementDirection = NORTH
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = north
useTacticalPositioning.ts:54 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioning existing player for north entry
useTacticalPositioning.ts:62 🎯 useTacticalPositioning: Repositioned player for north entry, clearing stored direction
useTacticalPositioning.ts:41 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Entry direction = none
useTacticalPositioning.ts:48 🔄 useTacticalPositioning: Player exists, no entry direction, skipping
useKeyboardMovement.ts:153 ⌨️ Window blur - stopping movement
